README.md, before:

# Discord-Bot
---

# Project Working and in testing
_ToDo_ :-
- [ ] keep the repo syntactically correct.
- [X] codechef rating and star to be shown (added with embed)
- [ ] Make a codeforces command (done, profile scraping will be done tomorrow)
- [ ] play songs for a user
- [X] Bugs detected for scrap and is needed to be solved
- [X] Scrap working independent but not with bot (solved, link problem)
- [X] Roles add and remove added (ezpz!)
- [X] Set roles for codechef coders (if guild has it, Competitive Coder will be assigned)
- [X] xkcd image fetch added (as dailymeme) 
- [X] add a command to send codes only by providing submission links (codechef) => (done by providing solution code only)
- [X] same as above for codeforces
- [ ] add colouring to code (identify the language of the code)
- [ ] add some todos (plz!)

---

# Features till now :-
- Can ping someone
- Can produce a help page
- Can remove/add roles from member
- Can fetch xkcd memes
- Can give info about codechef user by supplying username
- Can fetch solution code by supplying solution code.
- For codeforces supplying contest number and solution id will be required

---

Commit message:

codeforces user added, todo update

README.md, after:

# Discord-Bot
---

# Project Working and in testing
_ToDo_ :-
- [ ] keep the repo syntactically correct.
- [X] codechef rating and star to be shown (added with embed)
- [X] Make a codeforces command (done)
- [ ] Add color to the codeforces user
- [ ] play songs for a user
- [X] Bugs detected for scrap and is needed to be solved
- [X] Scrap working independent but not with bot (solved, link problem)
- [X] Roles add and remove added (ezpz!)
- [X] Set roles for codechef coders (if guild has it, Competitive Coder will be assigned)
- [X] xkcd image fetch added (as dailymeme) 
- [X] add a command to send codes only by providing submission links (codechef) => (done by providing solution code only)
- [X] same as above for codeforces
- [ ] add colouring to code (identify the language of the code)
- [ ] add some todos (plz!)

---

# Features till now :-
- Can ping someone
- Can produce a help page
- Can remove/add roles from member
- Can fetch xkcd memes
- Can give info about codechef user by supplying username
- Can fetch solution code by supplying solution code.
- For codeforces supplying contest number and solution id will be required
- Can give user details for codeforces

---
